CommandService returns useful data for successful submissions (#875)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/support/release-notes.rst

HEAD — ongoing
--------------

> - Ledger API:

Author: @bethaitman: could I ask you for a review of the release notes please?

  - Commands submitted via :ref:`CommandService#SubmitAndWait <com.digitalasset.ledger.api.v1.commandservice>` now return the transaction id in the new response message ``SubmitAndWaitResponse``.
    This avoids having to inspect the transaction stream to get hold of the result of a command
    submitted via the command service.

>     This change is backwards-compatible on the transport level, but it breaks backwards compatibility on the source level.

Reviewer: Breaking up the bullet point to make it easier to read
```suggestion

   This change is backwards-compatible on the transport level, but it breaks backwards compatibility on the source level.
```

    Previously released versions of the bindings will continue to work with newer ledgers and vice versa, but you will have to fix type errors after upgrading.

>   - Two new CommandService methods are now available ``SubmitAndWaitForTransaction`` and ``SubmitAndWaitForTransactionTree`` for submitting commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There are two new ``CommandService`` methods: ``SubmitAndWaitForTransaction`` and ``SubmitAndWaitForTransactionTree`` for submitting commands
```
